Update AspNetCore Example (#2688)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: examples/AspNetCore/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Example Application

This project is an example of ASP.NET Core instrumentation for tracing and
logging.

The following exporters are configured for viewing the traces:

* Console

> * Zipkin

Reviewer: Minor: consider alphabetical sorting by default, unless there is a reason not to do so.

Author: Only reason was the order in which I added them, I'll get this updated!

Author: Updated, along with a couple other lists in this file.

What's general best practice, do I mark the conversation resolved after I apply the change, or will you resolve it after looking at my change?

Reviewer: > What's general best practice, do I mark the conversation resolved after I apply the change, or will you resolve it after looking at my change?

Here we're quite flexible, I think people normally resolve the comments without waiting for confirmation (and others can revert it if they have different opinion).
On the opentelemetry-specification repo we've been more careful, normally wait for folks who raised the comment to resolve it.

Author: Sounds good, thanks!

* Otlp
* Jaeger

The following exporters are configured for viewing the metrics:

* Console
* Otlp
* Prometheus

## Running the example

> Running instances of the following services are required to view exports:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Running instances of the following services are required to view the exported data:
```

Author: @reyang Updated!

For my own reference, what does `nit` mean?

Reviewer: _nit-picking_ - basically "it's a very tiny/trivial suggestion, you decide if you want to take or ignore it" 😄

Author: Gotcha, thanks!

* Zipkin
* OTEL Collector
* Jaeger
* Prometheus

These can easily be spun up in docker containers.

The project can be run from this directory as follows:

```shell
dotnet run
```

Instead of running the project and its dependencies individually, if you are
using Docker Desktop, a `docker-compose` file is provided. This makes standing
up the Zipkin, Otlp, Jaeger, and Prometheus dependencies easy, as well as
starting the application.

To run the example using `docker-compose`, run the following from this
directory:

```shell
docker-compose up --build
```

With everything running:

* [Invoke the API](http://localhost:5000/WeatherForecast) to create new data.
* If you have run Zipkin with default settings:

>   * View your traces with Zipkin [here](http://localhost:9411/zipkin)

Reviewer: Minor: consider replacing `here` with the actual URI (so the readers will see the URI / realize that it is a local endpoint).

```suggestion
  * View your traces with Zipkin by accessing the local endpoint [http://localhost:9411/zipkin](http://localhost:9411/zipkin).
```

Author: I have no problem with this change, but I was mirroring the convention in the microservice example.

Should I update the documentation for that here, or in a separate PR?

Reviewer: I would suggest to keep this PR scoped - if we need to update documentation for another example, cover it in a separate PR.

Author: Sounds good. I've updated this per your recommendation, as well as the other instances in this README.

# OpenTelemetry Example Application

> This project is an example of ASP.NET Core instrumentation for tracing and

Reviewer 2: and metrics too.

logging.

The following exporters are configured for viewing the traces:

* Console
* Jaeger
* Otlp
* Zipkin

The following exporters are configured for viewing the metrics:

* Console
* Otlp
* Prometheus

## Running the example

Running instances of the following services are required to view the exported
data:

* Jaeger

> * OTEL Collector

Reviewer 3: The official acronym is `OTel`. See: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification#acronym

```suggestion
* OTel Collector
```

this comment also applies to other places

Author: Thanks for the link, updated!
